[Music]
it's no surprise with such a
long-running franchise like the tales
series that several spin-offs also make
up the robust selection of games that
the rpg offers
one of those being tales of the heroes
twin brave which is essentially an
entirely different take on the usual
gameplay that makes up each main line
entry it shares much in common with the
likes of dynasty warriors and allows you
to choose from various characters from
the series history as you would expect
they all come with their own specific
abilities that all affect the battles
differently from devastating aoes to
more defensive maneuvers or basic combos
there's a nice amount of options when it
comes to taking on enemies
although most musou games have the
potential to get quite repetitive the
way in which twin brave deals out its
unlockables manages to keep the gameplay
from becoming stale you'll always be
finding new and interesting ways to
tackle each challenge
this is mainly due to the item system
that can alter the stats of your chosen
fighter they can be found in chests
throughout the environment
and can really help out in tight
situations from increased attack to
cosmetic changes they add a welcome
dynamic to the gameplay if you're fond
of the series and are looking to grab a
game you can pick up and play anywhere
twin brave will not disappoint
[Music]
anyone who's been watching the channel
for some time will know i'm a huge fan
of rpgs the psp was a literal treasure
trove for these types of experiences
and last ranker represents one of the
best art of the bunch
as the player you take on the role of a
young man named zog who is part of a
group of wanderers who one day decides
to leave the group and set out on his
own adventure
the main objective sees you traveling
the land and interacting with a range of
npcs and locations that all add a real
weight to the world
now the first aspect that many people
will notice are the incredible visuals
seeing it up and running on the handheld
is a real sight to behold and manages to
lend the adventure a layer of quality
not often found with others on the
system one of the most important parts
of any rpg that can make or break the
game is the battling system and i'm
pleased to say that the one present in
the last ranker is easily the star of
the show
naturally you possess a wide range of
skills and abilities with more becoming
available the further you progress and
grow throughout the journey
from physical based attacks to more
devastating magic the game
constantly drip feeds you new ways to
tackle each situation with every action
being dependent on the amount of sp you
have that slowly regenerates after
depleting it
so using the right option at the right
time is key to overcome some of the more
daunting enemies you'll find throughout
the game
if you're on the lookout for a new and
engrossing rpg the last ranker has got
you covered
[Music]
initial d street stage is based off the
anime of the same name
and revolves around the underground
culture of street racing much like the
many entries in the series that have
come before it
street stage sees the player taking on a
variety of challenges set across a range
of locations in japan
as you would expect these challenges are
presented as different modes with the
main career option being the most
substantial offering the player begins
with a simple car and must slowly make
their way up the ranks
by completing specific missions and
defeating rivals you'll unlock cards
that allow you to earn more parts to
tune your vehicle and to ultimately
build a machine that can take on
anything you throw at it the sheer
diversity and amount of customization
options is what really helps initial d
street stage succeed there's an insane
amount of cards which will surely keep
many players busy especially if you want
to unlock them all the game just keeps
on providing new ways in which to
improve your performance out on the
track but never to the point where it
sacrifices the amount of difficulty
that's on offer
as well as the robust career mode there
is time trial as well as multiplayer
that helps pad out the experience
if you're a racing fan and are looking
for something new street stage is a
great option
the super robot wars franchise has
always been a somewhat underrated series
of games largely due to the fact that
not many have ever released here in the
west
now z2 is a real highlight and brings
the turn-based action to life in a
stylish and grand fashion
what really manages to shine is the
gameplay which soon becomes one of the
best aspects of the game it manages
to share much in common with the likes
of fire emblem and advance wars with the
player having access to a series of
characters that all possess their own
size
weapons and stats that can make a huge
difference once out on the field
it all takes place on a grid and sees
you combating enemy forces as you both
take it in turns to move your units
around the map
it all looks rather simplistic but once
you carry out an action the screen
lights up with incredible animations
that all pack a real punch
the impressive amount of detail that is
lent to each character or mech is at
times on par with the anime show that
inspires the game and looks incredible
on the handheld screen
of course the language barrier will most
likely put some players off but it's not
too hard to find your way around the
game and with some handy guides
available online as well
it's never been easier to enjoy super
robot war z2
[Music]
if you're fond of weird and completely
unique games then akiba's trip is for
you
it all revolves around the main
character known as akahiro and his love
of anime culture
as the player you traverse the
well-known akahabara district of japan
and uncover a mysterious plot set in
motion by vampire-like beings who are
intent on taking control of the town's
inhabitants here's where the weird comes
in in order to defeat these creatures
you must strip them down to their
underwear and expose them to sunlight
on the surface it sounds
ridiculous but once you actually get to
spend some time with the game you'll
soon realize that behind the somewhat
idiotic premise is a series of deep and
well-thought-out mechanics that form the
basis of some pretty solid gameplay it's
essentially a brawler that allows the
player to take advantage of several
skills during each fight from
hand-to-hand combat to weapon-based
abilities there's plenty of options as
well as being able to chain the strip
action together for any enemies that
have a low enough amount of life
once they've been stripped you'll get to
keep any of the clothes you've taken off
which can then be sold or worn the game
is quite generous when it comes to
activities as well
not only are there story based missions
but a ton of side quests akiba's trip is
well worth picking up
[Music]
shining arc is another prime example
that the psp was one of the best
handhelds for fans of rpgs
unfortunately it never found its way out
of japan but it can now be enjoyed with
a translation
and it soon becomes one of the best
adventures on the psp the standout
aspect for me personally has to be the
battle system it's a mix of both
real-time
and turn-based mechanics that make us
stand out amongst the sea of rpgs
available on the handheld during each
battle you can freely move about the
field
guard dash and attack enemies and
naturally you have a party of characters
at your side which all possess their own
unique traits and abilities that can be
called upon depending on the situation
at hand but there is much more to
shining arch than just combat there are
several activities outside a battle that
add to the overall enjoyment of the game
the main one being
farming and cooking that allows the
player to cultivate their own supply of
items that make your travels through the
world
all the more manageable add to this the
ability to hunt and collect monsters for
materials that can then be used to
create powerful equipment and what you
have is one of the most engaging and
well thought out rpgs on the system
the psp was home to many incredible
shooters but one we never saw in the
west on the psp was darius burst
like most other shooters the player must
jump into a ship and take on wave after
wave of enemies through a series of
stages there's a total of 11 but thanks
to the select system at the end of each
level you'll get to choose which one you
would like to advance to next
it's a feature that has been part of the
series for quite some time so it's nice
to see it included as it adds a good
touch of variety to each run
as you would expect during gameplay you
have access to a wide array of both
weaponry and defensive items that
increase your chances of success
from standard lasers to homing missiles
and shields
each of them become essential in
devising a strategy especially against
bosses which are quite easily the most
impressive part of the game they can at
times take up the entire screen
and they all possess unique attack
patterns that require a clear level of
thought to overcome
it's not exactly a walk in the park and
can become quite frustrating at times
due to the sheer level of difficulty but
it never feels unfair
rather just confirming your lack of
skill which slowly increases the more
you get used to the several mechanics
that are in play if you've exhausted the
usual selection of shooters on the
system
darius burst is well worth giving a go
[Music]
the tail series has always been well
known for its robust and engaging battle
system the depth and intricate nature of
the mechanics i comprise it have always
been something that has made it resonate
with many players
tales of versus takes this system and
couples it with a party set up much in
the vein of super smash bros to
incredible results
first off there is a huge range of
characters to play as but not all of
them are available right at the start
they are slowly dealt out through the
story mode that makes up most of what
the game has to offer the way
tales of verses really shines is within
multiplayer much like smash bros the
frantic nature
of each engagement easily becomes the
best aspect of the experience each
character possesses a string of basic
attacks
as well as special skills known as ayats
that are unique to each fighter
chaining all of these attacks together
is essential to coming out on top so
trying out each fighter to find one that
suits you best is a good idea when
starting out
like most fighting games as well as the
story and multiplayer options there's
also several level modes that help pad
out the game
such as special battles as well as
several mini-games that prolong the life
of the fighter it's not perfect by any
means but if you're looking for a solid
and fun game to play with friends
tales of buses is a great option
[Music]
grand night's history is a tactical rpg
that all revolves around saving the
fictional kingdom of ristia as the
player you take on a squad of
mercenaries and have to choose which
nation out of the three that make up the
land to support
your squad is comprised of up to four
characters that can all be fully
customized there's several character
classes ranging from knights to archers
and mages that all offer distinct types
of play when it comes to the most
impressive aspect of the game the
battling system
it all plays out on a grid from a side
on perspective and sees you selecting
from a wide array of skills and
abilities before carrying them out
each move or action that you take costs
your entire party
something known as ap and depending on
what you perform quite a bit
chunk can be used and can then be
refilled upon defeating an enemy it's an
interesting
system that really makes you think about
which ability to use and when as with
most rpgs you can expect to find
yourself leveling up over time and
unlocking more powerful attacks as your
character progresses and your stats grow
as well as natural progression you can
also artificially enhance your overall
chances for the use of several items
weapons and armor and result in your
team becoming a real force within the
world
grand night's history is easily one of
the best rpgs i've ever played and i
cannot recommend it enough
when it comes to tactical rpgs valkyria
chronicles has always been one of my
go-to's
upon hearing that we weren't going to be
receiving the third installment in the
series i was hugely disappointed
but thanks to the dedicated passion of
the community it's now possible to
experience the game using a fan
translation and it's pretty solid as
well the third installment plays out
much like the previous entries and sees
players utilizing a wide range of units
to take part in missions against enemy
forces
the story is once again presented in a
beautiful comic book panel style that
adds a distinct flair to the narrative
that transpires but where valkyria
chronicles 3 really excels its gameplay
each unit brings their own advantage to
each engagement from standard infantry
to more heavy hitters like tanks and
throughout the campaign you'll be
unlocking more as you progress
which can all be fully customized and
decked out with many options that makes
taking on each challenge all the more
manageable well that does it for today's
video
don't forget to hit subscribe and follow
me on all of the socials to stay up to
date on future videos and to take part
in giveaways
you can also join our growing community
on discord and meet many
like-minded gamers to continue the
conversation with i'd also like to give
a special shout out to our patreon
supporters
rhino skill gym nano steve and paddy j
for their continued support that helps
make these videos possible if you're
interested in joining our discord or
supporting the channel through patreon
you'll find the links in the description
as always thanks for taking the time to
watch the video i'll catch you next time
[Applause]
you